README.md, before:

> [!IMPORTANT]
> We don't produce code; we're just code porters.

# ~~QX~~ Loon Scripts for ***own use***  

<!-- Keep these links. Translations will automatically update with the README. -->
[Deutsch](https://readme-i18n.com/jackeyzzz12138/NotOnlyQuanX?lang=de) | 
[English](https://readme-i18n.com/jackeyzzz12138/NotOnlyQuanX?lang=en) | 
[Español](https://readme-i18n.com/jackeyzzz12138/NotOnlyQuanX?lang=es) | 
[français](https://readme-i18n.com/jackeyzzz12138/NotOnlyQuanX?lang=fr) | 
[日本語](https://readme-i18n.com/jackeyzzz12138/NotOnlyQuanX?lang=ja) | 
[한국어](https://readme-i18n.com/jackeyzzz12138/NotOnlyQuanX?lang=ko) | 
[Português](https://readme-i18n.com/jackeyzzz12138/NotOnlyQuanX?lang=pt) | 
[Русский](https://readme-i18n.com/jackeyzzz12138/NotOnlyQuanX?lang=ru) | 
[中文](https://readme-i18n.com/jackeyzzz12138/NotOnlyQuanX?lang=zh)

## Introduction
Due to the @RuCu6 delete the original repository, and in order to keep the AD block scripts working properly. So build this new repository.

These have been tested:
- [x] ~~wepage.conf~~(not work anymore)
- [x] dongqiudi.plugin
- [] zhengqi.plugin

## TODO

Now, it contains not only scripts but also numerous [proxy profiles](./Profile/), which are for personal use and have been slightly modified based on other authors' profiles. If I forget to write your ID in contribution, please feel free to email me.

supported platforms(To be continued):

- surge (mac)
- shadowrocket
- QuanX
- Loon
- clash verge rev
- mihomo party
- ~~clash for windows~~

## Q&A
- Q: Will you be responsible for the updates after this incident?  
  A: Maybe.

- Q: Could I make a request?  
  A: Sure, you can, It's your right.

- Q: Why only has this script/rewrite, not others?  
  A: ~~Because I don't need that.~~ Now, It has the profiles.😊

## Contribution
Thanks for the contribution of these developers, some scripts from their works:  
- [@RuCu6](https://github.com/RuCu6)
- [@RagBagCN](https://github.com/RagBagCN)

Commit message:

Add Shadowrocket and Surge configuration files; update README documentation
- Created `shadowrocket.conf` with comprehensive proxy settings and rules.
- Created `surge_mac.conf` tailored for multiple proxy users with detailed routing and rules.
- Updated `README.md` to reflect changes in profiles and scripts for personal use.
- Updated `README_CN.md` to indicate the cessation of updates for the Chinese README.

README.md, after:

> [!IMPORTANT]
> We don't produce code; we're just code porters.

# profiles and scripts for ***own use***  

<!-- Keep these links. Translations will automatically update with the README. -->
[Deutsch](https://readme-i18n.com/jackeyzzz12138/NotOnlyQuanX?lang=de) | 
[English](https://readme-i18n.com/jackeyzzz12138/NotOnlyQuanX?lang=en) | 
[Español](https://readme-i18n.com/jackeyzzz12138/NotOnlyQuanX?lang=es) | 
[français](https://readme-i18n.com/jackeyzzz12138/NotOnlyQuanX?lang=fr) | 
[日本語](https://readme-i18n.com/jackeyzzz12138/NotOnlyQuanX?lang=ja) | 
[한국어](https://readme-i18n.com/jackeyzzz12138/NotOnlyQuanX?lang=ko) | 
[Português](https://readme-i18n.com/jackeyzzz12138/NotOnlyQuanX?lang=pt) | 
[Русский](https://readme-i18n.com/jackeyzzz12138/NotOnlyQuanX?lang=ru) | 
[中文](https://readme-i18n.com/jackeyzzz12138/NotOnlyQuanX?lang=zh)

## Introduction
Due to the @RuCu6 delete the original repository, and in order to keep the AD block scripts working properly. So build this new repository.

These have been tested:
- [x] dongqiudi.plugin
- [x] zhengqi.plugin

## TODO

Now, it contains not only scripts but also numerous [proxy profiles](./Profile/), which are for personal use and have been slightly modified based on other authors' profiles. If I forget to write your ID in contribution, please feel free to email me.

supported platforms(To be continued):

- [x] surge (mac)
- [x] shadowrocket
- QuanX
- [x] Loon
- clash verge rev
- mihomo party
- ~~clash for windows~~

## Q&A
- Q: Will you be responsible for the updates after this incident?  
  A: Maybe.

- Q: Could I make a request?  
  A: Sure, you can, It's your right.

- Q: Why only has this script/rewrite, not others?  
  A: ~~Because I don't need that.~~ Now, It has the profiles.😊

## Acknowledgement
Thanks for the contribution of these developers, some scripts and rulesets from their works:  
- [@RuCu6](https://github.com/RuCu6)
- [@RagBagCN](https://github.com/RagBagCN)
- [@Sukka](https://github.com/SukkaW/SukkaW)
